WORKER: Thank goodness you're here Rob! We have a major issue on our hands. You have probably
been briefed about this but let me tell you again. Our Ion Tank has been stolen, a biological weapon,
from our facility three days ago.
ROBERT GEARE: Can you tell me exactly what happened?
WORKER: It started three days ago, on a day much like this, when a group of men destroyed… [Fades out]
[Intense Music Starts]
WORKER: So, to my best of knowledge, that is how the tank was stolen. I would suggest that you travel
over to Walter Liandri’s home and speak with him. He probably has some ideas of who may have stolen the tank.
ROBERT: Well thank you for the update.
WALTER LIANDRI: Who is this?
ROBERT: This is Robert Geare, an agent from the FBI. I have come here to ask you some questions regarding the Ion Tank.
WALTER: Please come in. I’ll open the gate.
ROBERT: Hello Walter. I am Robert.
WALTER: Pleased to meet you.
ROBERT: I wanted to ask you some questions about your company. What sets your company apart from other power companies?
WALTER: We use ionic energy, a chemical that I may not mention the structure. But it has a unique property, a low ionization point.
Because of this, we can start an internal reaction inside the chemical to produce massive amounts of heat.
This in turn we can transfer water into steam and generate electricity from the turbines.
ROBERT: It sounds much like nuclear energy. But then how is this different?
WALTER: The Ionic compound when ionized breaks down into non-radioactive elements which when cooled down to reasonable
temperatures, can be shipped out to manufacturing plants elsewhere. In a sense, the substance recycles itself.
ROBERT: That explains why workers were able to start construction so soon.
ROBERT: I see you have a model of the Ion Tank. Can you tell me more about it?
WALTER: Well actually I don’t know much about the Ion Tank. The US Government took interest in ionic energy after I proved how successful
and safe ionic energy could be. They wanted my company to build a prototype Ion Tank for the military. It’s been a project I have funded
through my research and development team. The head of the project is Lindsey Cooke, a scientist working in the Infrared Lab.
You will want to talk to her to inquire more information about the tank.
WALTER: Please follow me outside.
WALTER: Would you like a drink?
ROBERT: No thanks. One last question. Who do you think might have wanted to steal the tank?
WALTER: I don’t have any major enemies that I know of. In most of the world I am praised for finding an efficient and clean way to produce energy,
although one company in particular comes to mind. Axon Corporation is a nuclear power company in Russia headed by Vincent Kernoff.
Tensions began to rise when we started the secret Ion Tank Project. I’m just wondering if Vincent may have a spy in the R&D Department.
ROBERT: Thank you for your time. I will be traveling to the Infrared Lab later today to speak with Lindsey Cooke.
Hopefully we can get more information about the tank’s whereabouts.
WALTER: It was a pleasure to speak with you.